### Change Log for Cuboid Outpost 0.2.1

**If upgrading from a 0.1.x version**, please ensure you have a backup of your world before doing the upgrade. There should not be any problems, but as unification scripts changed, and some mods were removed, in v0.2.0, there is a very small chance you may run into a bit of trouble with upgrading from v0.1.x to v0.2.x versions of the pack.

## Changes Made / Issues Fixed

- Fixed issue #31: Added a crafting recipe for a Storage Drawer Concealment Key
- Fixed issue #33: Added crafting recipes for Compressed Crushed Andesite, Diorite and Granite which were missing
- Fixed issue #34: SRG no longer stalls when output is removed if input item is changed while there is still another singularity type in the output slot.
- Fixed issue #35: Steel Singularity in an SRG now produces the correct output.
- Finished "Networks for XMen" chapter by adding an example for a Soul Sand Generator.
- Finished "Digital: Applied Energistics" chapter.
- Added a few new rewards here and there.
- Changed the double Bacon Cheeseburger quests to be just one, and replaced with a Chicken Sandwich.
- Corrected quest requirements for unfired crucible to match new recipe (from 7 procelain clay to 6 + grout).
- Added some additional hints and advice to a few quests.
- Made the "Utterly Delicious" chapter accessible a bit earlier.
- Made the "Pack yer bags" chapter accessible a bit earlier.
- Reduced the number of mandatory food tasks in the "Dirtying the Dishes" chapter.
- Took "Meeting the Udders" off the critical path, and made it a reward-focussed chapter instead.
- Removed some unnecessary / irrelevant config file overrides

## Mods Updated

- CuboidDroid's Support Mod - 1.16.5-0.1.15